1. Open the mod folder of the mod you intend to upload

2. Go to the Thunderstore folder created by the mod template repositroy

3. Go to icon.png and check the the dimn are 256x256, if not then replace it with the 
    png found in the template mod repository

4. Go to manifenst.json
    - make sure the name only name only includes a-z ; A-Z ; 0-9 ; _ (no spaces)
    - make sure the description is correct with the mod you are uploading 
    - if this is the first upload the version should be 0.0.1
    -versions should in incremented by the following:
        + minor changes (mostly revisions) incrment the last digit
        + middle digit is minor changes (usually additions not revision)
        + first digit is is major updates and new features
        + If you update a number all numbers to its right go back to 0
        + For more information on versions of mods look up version number conventions 

5. Make sure the website URL is the correct git repository (Not The Mods Repo) 
    
6. If you have made any changes you are going to want to rebuild the project so that the build files are updated

7. Go to the Thunderstore website and log in with your github then press upload in the top left corner
    - if you are not a member of the LCOS team on thunderstore contact @cjmarino1804 on discord

8. Place the thunderstore.zip file (located in the post build portion of the project)

9. Add LCOS as the team and Lethal Company as the category
    - add tags that are reflective of the mod you are adding

10. Make sure all mods are thoroughly tested before uploading to thunderstore

11. Always contact @cjmarino1804 on discord before uploading a mod under LCOS's name for a final review before it is published

12. Press the submit button, if any upload error arises double check the steps along this process. If the error is still present contact @cjmarino1804 on discord for asistance in the uploading process. 

13. include | https://github.com/LCOS-Lethal-Company-Open-Source/Project-Documentation/blob/main/Mod-Uploading | this link in a text file in the repository and include the date you uploaded the mod for documentation purposes for credit in class.


